1- A lot of people in examples tend to use unsigned int for the size constants, but std::size_t is good bc this is what sizes get cast to anyway

2 - Const is an instance member, it gets copied to every instance (i.e a class instance). This is wasteful when all instances will use the same values
static constexpr is better, compile time constant that don't take up object memory and are usable in array sizes. 



Notable debugging/mistakes

For ANNN and BNNN, I had initally used uint8_t to store the masked opcode against 0x0FFFu.
I needed uint16_t since 3 nibbles , so I was truncating the opcode and making the memory address significantly smaller, which was causing the fonts to print instead
of the first test splash. I fixed by correcting my variable initialization to uin16_t

Math functions failing for operations on existing carry/borrow flags: In my initial implementation of the math operations, 
I incorrectly set the carry/borrow register (0xF) pre-operation. This is fine in most cases ,but it creates bugs when an operation 
it neglects the case where an existing carry/borrow value is used in an operation. 

To fix this , I added variables to store info about the carry register state pre-operation , performed the operation so the existing state 
can be used in cases it is needed, then use the pre-op state to set the appropriate new carry . After making this change all the failing instructions passed

op_fxoa failing "not released" , 

I wasn't handling a key press and release orginally , only a held state (detect when a key is down on cycle, don't await release),
to fix I added edge event arrays to my architecture (just_pressed, just_released) and updated the SDL event loop to populate them and used these for FXOA and the cycle loop to handle
the waiting for input events with a press and release . 

implementing audio was HARD. I ended up using ChatGPT codex for planning and getting some hints ,but eventually was able to get it going by
extending my SDL graphics with a few more components and adding a function to my vm to return true when the sound clock was active

The quirks still seem to fail , mainly because I am using a sort of hybrid setup between the original chip8 
and the later , more modern chip-48 specs. This seems fine though , every game I run seems to operate fine
and I've yet to run into any issues, Also when I tried to change to some of the older chip8 behaviors i encountered
issues with some of the ROMs, so I chose to leave for now! 


http://devernay.free.fr/hacks/chip8/C8TECH10.HTM
https://austinmorlan.com/posts/chip8_emulator/
